Add meeting notes for 25/3/25 (#5750)
Couchers-org/couchers: docs/meetings/dev/2025-03-25.md

# Weekly meeting

When: 25/3/25, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Bruna, Krishna, Laura, Mindy, Nicole, Rafael
Scribe: Aapeli

# Notes

* Stories/rumors about Jesse
* Couchops meeting: maybe Saturday
* Talk about Aapeli being in Finland
* Merch ideas/thoughts
  - Newsletter survey for which characters people like

>   - Newsletter survey for which taglines/slogans people

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Newsletter survey for which taglines/slogans people like
```

  - Random 10 of the winning design get a free t-shirt/hoodie

* What everyone's working on:
  - Rafael: discussed moderation with Aapeli and Jesse (but this is delayed); started working on notifications for pending host requests (#5718)
  - Krishna: working on expired requests (backend field in proto)
  - Aapeli: sick in Finland so not super productive; also kinda busy next week due to imminent PhD duties

>   - Nicole: buys in co-living place, fixed a bunch of bugs with map poc; will continue working on it and also need to write some test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Nicole: busy in co-living place, fixed a bunch of bugs with map poc; will continue working on it and also need to write some tests
```
